docs/use: Improve docs (#187)
executablebooks/sphinx-copybutton: docs/use.md

This section describes major ways to use and control `sphinx-copybutton`'s behavior.

(configure-copy-text)=

## Automatic exclusion of prompts from the copies

> The Sphinx code highlighter, Pygments, tags the prompts (`>>>`, `...`,
> `In [1]:`, `$`) of console sessions, and sphinx by default excludes
> prompts from being selectable.  Sphinx-copybutton can follows this
> default with the following setting.  This setting is not the default,
> because it conflicts with the backwards compatibility of the other
> following manually-selectable exclude options:
> ```{code-block} python
> copybutton_exclude = '.linenos, .gp'
> ```
> 
> Add `.go` to the excludes and you will not copy console output,
> either.
> 
> For automatic exclusion, use the right highlight language:
> `pythonconsole` instead of `python`, `console` instead of `bash`,
> `ipythonconsole` instead of `ipython`, etc.
> 
> This setting can also be used to exclude arbitrary css classes from
> being copied.  By default `.linenos` are excluded.  `.linenos` is the
> Sphinx default for line numbers, `.gp` is the Pygments class for the
> prompts, and `.go` is the class for console outputs.
> 
> This setting conflicts with most of pattern-based copy-selection
> settings below, so should not be used with them.  This will hopefully
> be improved in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sphinx code highlighter, Pygments, tags the prompts (`>>>`, `...`,
`In [1]:`, `$`) of console sessions.
Sphinx by default excludes prompts from being selectable.
However, by default `sphinx-copybutton` will copy these prompts (for backwards compatibility with the other "manually-selectable exclude" options).

To make `sphinx-copybutton` skip all prompt characters generated by pygments, use the following setting:

```{code-block} python
copybutton_exclude = '.linenos, .gp'
```

To **skip all console outputs**, add `.go` to the string above.

For automatic exclusion, make sure to use the right highlight language.
For example: `pythonconsole` instead of `python`, `console` instead of `bash`,
`ipythonconsole` instead of `ipython`, etc.

This setting can also be used to exclude arbitrary css classes from
being copied.  By default `.linenos` are excluded.  `.linenos` is the
Sphinx default for line numbers, `.gp` is the Pygments class for the
prompts, and `.go` is the class for console outputs.

This setting conflicts with most of pattern-based copy-selection
settings below, so should not be used with them.  This will hopefully
be improved in the future.
```
